[Key Server] Change how we handle package versions (#133)
MystenLabs/seal: UsingSeal.md

- A package can include multiple `seal_approve*` functions, each implementing different access control logic and accepting different input parameters.
- The first parameter must be the requested identity, excluding the package ID prefix. For example: `id: vector<u8>`.
- If access is not granted, the function should abort without returning a value.

> - To support future upgrades and maintain backward compatibility, define `seal_approve*` functions as non-public `entry` functions whenever possible. Also, version your shared objects or use a shared global object with the latest version (see the [whitelist](./move/patterns/sources/whitelist.move) and [subscription](./move/patterns/sources/subscription.move) examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To support future upgrades and maintain backward compatibility, define seal_approve* functions as non-public entry functions when possible, and either version your shared objects or use a shared global object that always points to the latest version (see [whitelist](https://github.com/MystenLabs/seal/pull/133/move/patterns/sources/whitelist.move) and [subscription](https://github.com/MystenLabs/seal/pull/133/move/patterns/sources/subscription.move) examples).
```
